README.md, before:

# EMug
EMug is a Python package of numerical analysis for ElectroMagnetism

## Description
There are many electromagnetic field simulation tools that use FEM, MoM, FDTD, etc.
On the other hand, what about tools for numerical analysis?
EMug provides you a Python package for electromagnetic field analysis.

## Example
Electromagnetic radiation from infinitesimal electric current element
![example 1 - Electromagnetic radiation from Px dipole](docs/img/emug_example.PNG)
![example 2 - Electromagnetic radiation from Py dipole](docs/img/emug_example2.PNG)
![example 3 - Electromagnetic radiation from Pz dipole](docs/img/emug_example3.PNG)

## Requirement
see [requirements.txt](https://github.com/sp-yduck/emug/blob/master/requirements.txt)
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

<!-- ## Usage -->

## Installation
clone this repository.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/sp-yduck/emug
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

<!-- ## License -->

## Author
Teppei Sudo (https://github.com/sp-yduck)

Commit message:

update README.md: add subsections of Example

README.md, after:

# EMug
EMug is a Python package of numerical analysis for ElectroMagnetism

## Description
There are many electromagnetic field simulation tools that use FEM, MoM, FDTD, etc.
On the other hand, what about tools for numerical analysis?
EMug provides you a Python package for electromagnetic field analysis.

## Example
Electromagnetic radiation from infinitesimal electric current element

### example 1 - Electromagnetic radiation from Px dipole
![example 1 - Electromagnetic radiation from Px dipole](docs/img/emug_example.PNG)

### example 2 - Electromagnetic radiation from Py dipole
![example 2 - Electromagnetic radiation from Py dipole](docs/img/emug_example2.PNG)

### example 3 - Electromagnetic radiation from Pz dipole
![example 3 - Electromagnetic radiation from Pz dipole](docs/img/emug_example3.PNG)

## Requirement
see [requirements.txt](https://github.com/sp-yduck/emug/blob/master/requirements.txt)
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

<!-- ## Usage -->

## Installation
clone this repository.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/sp-yduck/emug
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

<!-- ## License -->

## Author
Teppei Sudo (https://github.com/sp-yduck)
